=7d6473f6-8845-4228-bde9-aaf015e1f6cc NCESC Appeals ⚖ summary=6c486bc4-a34e-4d0d-b274-fe635a814f10 =c7354802-744a-400b-b2b7-93bb5b20270c I quit my job due to unsafe working conditions in where I was told to enter a confined space containing petroleum liquid and vapors, I was given no safe alternative even after I explained to my boss I was not equipped for this task nor did I feel safe entering this particular confined space. I went back and forth with my supervisor Chris Neininger (Service Manager for Charlotte branch of JF Petrogroup). After terminating employment I returned home and removed my tools from the work van. My former boss against direct communications from me showed up before I was finished removing my stuff putting me and my family at risk considering he had been out of work the prior week due to having Covid19. The following day I filed a complaint with OSHA reporting the infractions of my previous employer to put a stop to their risky practices. I then filed a claim with NCESC DES. As an essential worker I had no idea how things would play out so I already had an active claim which I filed for reduced hours in march of last year. I had not received any payment from this as my hour reductions were not very significant, I re-opened this case with the new criteria for this incident explaining how/why I quit my job. Now that I was unemployed during this pandemic I had to broaden my search to find suitable work and avoid discrimination from companies in the area. I found a job in Dallas Texas last week and am planning a move. I have been filing unemployment weekly certifications since 2/7/2021 waiting on pending determination from NCESC. I received the determination to find out that not only was I denied but there's no option to appeal this decision on the NCESC DES website where their FAQ states to look. This is unfortunate, but I am not the kind of person that will not just lay down and accept this decision. Especially when I know I am in the right. I need assistance with these matters now because I feel as though I am being treated unfairly and this is like a wrongful termination case where I was forced into quitting my job or else I would have to continually deal with conditions where I was constantly being put at risk both with the Covid Pandemic and travel stops to the chemical exposure hazards they do not adequately mitigate due to lack of enough equipment and to the routine unsafe hours they expect us to work all three of these issues were a issue on the job where I determined I couldn't deal with this companies behaviour anymore.